r2-log.md, before:

# #100DaysOfCode Log - Round 2 - [Angela Wolff]

This is the log of my second #100DaysOfCode challenge. 
I've decided to set-up round 2 to coincide with the start of Makers Academy pre-course 11th June 2018. 

## Log

### R2D5
Does playing with new themes for iTerm2 actually count as coding? If it helps I have really cool Terminal now! 
I did solve the ruby tweet redaction puzzle that I struggled with yesterday so that definitely counts.

### R2D4
If we don't count weekends (and who does?), we are already at the end of week 1. OMG. I am going to be a junior coder looking for a proper job before I can even blink.
Today I was working on loop programs with a simple text based game.
There was also a fair amount of problem solving going on as we had to do pull requests on the command line repository and it seemed to generate a load of errors across the group. Mine worked fortunately but trying to resolve some of the other problems was challenging to say the least.

### R2D3
This is actually day 4 of the pre-course. i was in work yesterday doing a handover and only managed a small amount of very basic SQL - hardly counts as coding.
Today I am back on the mastery-curriculum and have just finished writing a neat dice throwing match, using a while loop with conditionals. Onto FizzBuzz now if I can fathom out what that is...

Well FizzBuzz proved to be reasonably straightforward at least in comparison to the fibonacci sequence. Chapter 4 also included a new code style checker and that was fussy! Frustrating. 

### R2D2
Day 2 of Makers Academy and I finished the Week 1 workload by lunchtime. There are still loads of optional extras to work through on command line but I'm tempted to see how challenging the Ruby workload is while I have a chance of bagging some time.

The command line mystery challenge was fab and really surprised me with how nifty you can be with just the terminal. It has inspired me to try "Learn UNIX The Hard Way" later. I will feel like a real hacker then.

The afternoon was spent familiarising myself with the Ruby Mastery Curriculum.

Also flipped this previously forked repositry to a stand alone so I get the benefit of my commits.

### R2D1
I'm still waiting for the pre-course details to be delivered to my inbox, so in eager anticipation, I turn back to Codewars and dabble until I rank upto 5kyu. I am slipping back to SQL kata as I find these so much easier than Ruby. I won't let Ruby slip too far, in fact it will get all my focus over the next few weeks but I do enjoy testing my SQL skills from work.

The pre-course email is in and I am now wading through introductory courses on command line and the terminal. I've never found this terribly exciting which will be why I still struggle to navigate my way around. Not for much longer though.

I finished the command line and github tutorials. I can highly recommend the Git-It desktop app for working through the git workflow. It's fantastic.

Commit message:

R2D6 update - Struggling with names into groups

r2-log.md, after:

# #100DaysOfCode Log - Round 2 - [Angela Wolff]

This is the log of my second #100DaysOfCode challenge. 
I've decided to set-up round 2 to coincide with the start of Makers Academy pre-course 11th June 2018. 

## Log

### R2D6
I've been struggling with a challenge from the mastery-curriculum. We need to push a user specified list of names, sequentially into a user specified number of groups. I found this quite tricky until I decided to create a nested array with n arrays within the outer wrapper. I was quite pleased to have solved this one.

### R2D5
Does playing with new themes for iTerm2 actually count as coding? If it helps I have really cool Terminal now! 
I did solve the ruby tweet redaction puzzle that I struggled with yesterday so that definitely counts.

### R2D4
If we don't count weekends (and who does?), we are already at the end of week 1. OMG. I am going to be a junior coder looking for a proper job before I can even blink.
Today I was working on loop programs with a simple text based game.
There was also a fair amount of problem solving going on as we had to do pull requests on the command line repository and it seemed to generate a load of errors across the group. Mine worked fortunately but trying to resolve some of the other problems was challenging to say the least.

### R2D3
This is actually day 4 of the pre-course. i was in work yesterday doing a handover and only managed a small amount of very basic SQL - hardly counts as coding.
Today I am back on the mastery-curriculum and have just finished writing a neat dice throwing match, using a while loop with conditionals. Onto FizzBuzz now if I can fathom out what that is...

Well FizzBuzz proved to be reasonably straightforward at least in comparison to the fibonacci sequence. Chapter 4 also included a new code style checker and that was fussy! Frustrating. 

### R2D2
Day 2 of Makers Academy and I finished the Week 1 workload by lunchtime. There are still loads of optional extras to work through on command line but I'm tempted to see how challenging the Ruby workload is while I have a chance of bagging some time.

The command line mystery challenge was fab and really surprised me with how nifty you can be with just the terminal. It has inspired me to try "Learn UNIX The Hard Way" later. I will feel like a real hacker then.

The afternoon was spent familiarising myself with the Ruby Mastery Curriculum.

Also flipped this previously forked repositry to a stand alone so I get the benefit of my commits.

### R2D1
I'm still waiting for the pre-course details to be delivered to my inbox, so in eager anticipation, I turn back to Codewars and dabble until I rank upto 5kyu. I am slipping back to SQL kata as I find these so much easier than Ruby. I won't let Ruby slip too far, in fact it will get all my focus over the next few weeks but I do enjoy testing my SQL skills from work.

The pre-course email is in and I am now wading through introductory courses on command line and the terminal. I've never found this terribly exciting which will be why I still struggle to navigate my way around. Not for much longer though.

I finished the command line and github tutorials. I can highly recommend the Git-It desktop app for working through the git workflow. It's fantastic.
