README.md, before:


Whatapalaver's 100DaysOfCode Log - Round 3
=======

This is the log of my third #100DaysOfCode challenge. 
I cut [round 2](https://github.com/Whatapalaver/100_Days_of_Code/blob/master/r2-log.md) short on Makers Graduation - day 99 (sacrilege?) and restarted round 3 on Saturday after Makers graduation.

Check out [the Official Site](http://100daysofcode.com/) for the #100DaysOfCode movement.

***Exciting News***
-------
I'm now combining my 100DaysofCode journing with Instagram, see [Whatapalaver Codes](https://www.instagram.com/whatapalaver_codes/) for additional visual excitement of a coding nature!

## Log

### R3D10
I've been going loopy with Google Scripts and have now had to fathom a way to export a single sheet to PDF without the need to hide the other sheets. That has led me to the Google Sheets API and a rather neat way to convert a Blob to a PDF. I've set up a new Gist for all things [Google Sheet to PDF Export...](https://gist.github.com/Whatapalaver/4db56950daf84cf1dd2c4765a540e17f) 
Also having fun with Ruby.pow(2) - I feel like a superhero.

### R3D8
I'm back to Conway's Game of Life and loving it. It is tying in nicely with my concurrent studying of Sandi Metz's 99 Bottles of Beer as I have somehow managed to create code with ABC size errors. That's Assignment, Branch, Condition size and means I am forcing my method to do too much. I probably need to read a bit more or risk another question on Stack Overflow.

### R3D6
Spent the day working on a google scripts project. I needed to loop through a product list and create a pdf file showing details for each one. I’ve done something similar in excel before but translating to the javascript google apps language was something new. I’m pretty impressed by the potential within google sheets, I may be about to turn my back on excel. 

### R3D5
Had my first developer interview which turned out to be an analyst role without any development. Shame, as it was a great product and I need to believe in my product. 

Progressing well with Java and I have an interesting natural disaster project brewing with the Makers cohort. 

### R3D4
Scouring NASA APIs today for potential project ideas. Also started the 99 Bottles of Beer refactoring project with Sandi Metz. 

### R3D3
I’m still waiting for feedback from my early Java exercism challenges so I have now added the Kotlin track into the mix. 

### R3D1
So it's Saturday, day after graduation day and I actually have free time and a chance to remind myself what it means to have a family. We went for a walk in the sun and pondered futures.

I'm looking for work now, but I'm keen to make sure that first job sets me off in the direction of an exciting and challenging coding future. I've been scouring LinkedIn for potentially interesting roles and everything that excited me required Java skills. So that's decided. My post Makers month of consolidation requires me to bolster my understanding of javascript and to become pretty adept at Java. It's going to be a fun ride towards challenging employment.

So on Day 1, I've installed IntelliJ Idea and completed "Hello,World!" of the exercism.io Java track. Let's see where this new journey takes me.

Commit message:

Rails, materialize and the wind.

README.md, after:


Whatapalaver's 100DaysOfCode Log - Round 3
=======

This is the log of my third #100DaysOfCode challenge. 
I cut [round 2](https://github.com/Whatapalaver/100_Days_of_Code/blob/master/r2-log.md) short on Makers Graduation - day 99 (sacrilege?) and restarted round 3 on Saturday after Makers graduation.

Check out [the Official Site](http://100daysofcode.com/) for the #100DaysOfCode movement.

***Exciting News***
-------
I'm now combining my 100DaysofCode journing with Instagram, see [Whatapalaver Codes](https://www.instagram.com/whatapalaver_codes/) for additional visual excitement of a coding nature!

## Log

### R3D12
I feel a little blown by the wind at the moment. Everytime I see a new company that I am interested in, I shift my focus to their current stack. It's a bit like the early days of dabbling with coding when I spent most of my time wondering which language I should start with. At least today I have made some good progress with Ruby on Rails and spent more time focussing on the frontend than I typically have done so far on the journey. I have a neat little app set up that I styled using Google's Materialize (anything to avoid Bootstrap!) and also tried out haml instead of erb for templating.

### R3D10
I've been going loopy with Google Scripts and have now had to fathom a way to export a single sheet to PDF without the need to hide the other sheets. That has led me to the Google Sheets API and a rather neat way to convert a Blob to a PDF. I've set up a new Gist for all things [Google Sheet to PDF Export...](https://gist.github.com/Whatapalaver/4db56950daf84cf1dd2c4765a540e17f) 
Also having fun with Ruby.pow(2) - I feel like a superhero.

### R3D8
I'm back to Conway's Game of Life and loving it. It is tying in nicely with my concurrent studying of Sandi Metz's 99 Bottles of Beer as I have somehow managed to create code with ABC size errors. That's Assignment, Branch, Condition size and means I am forcing my method to do too much. I probably need to read a bit more or risk another question on Stack Overflow.

### R3D6
Spent the day working on a google scripts project. I needed to loop through a product list and create a pdf file showing details for each one. I’ve done something similar in excel before but translating to the javascript google apps language was something new. I’m pretty impressed by the potential within google sheets, I may be about to turn my back on excel. 

### R3D5
Had my first developer interview which turned out to be an analyst role without any development. Shame, as it was a great product and I need to believe in my product. 

Progressing well with Java and I have an interesting natural disaster project brewing with the Makers cohort. 

### R3D4
Scouring NASA APIs today for potential project ideas. Also started the 99 Bottles of Beer refactoring project with Sandi Metz. 

### R3D3
I’m still waiting for feedback from my early Java exercism challenges so I have now added the Kotlin track into the mix. 

### R3D1
So it's Saturday, day after graduation day and I actually have free time and a chance to remind myself what it means to have a family. We went for a walk in the sun and pondered futures.

I'm looking for work now, but I'm keen to make sure that first job sets me off in the direction of an exciting and challenging coding future. I've been scouring LinkedIn for potentially interesting roles and everything that excited me required Java skills. So that's decided. My post Makers month of consolidation requires me to bolster my understanding of javascript and to become pretty adept at Java. It's going to be a fun ride towards challenging employment.

So on Day 1, I've installed IntelliJ Idea and completed "Hello,World!" of the exercism.io Java track. Let's see where this new journey takes me.
